{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Palatino;}
{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
}
{\colortbl;}{\stylesheet{\s1 Heading 1;}{\s2 Heading 2;}{\s3 Heading 3;}{\s4 Heading 4;}{\s5 Heading 5;}{\s6 Heading 6;}{\s7 Heading 7;}{\s8 Heading 8;}{\s9 Heading 9;}}
\deflang1024\notabind\facingp\hyphauto1\widowctrl
\sectd\plain\pgwsxn11905\pghsxn16837\marglsxn1920\margrsxn1920\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1200\headery0\footery0\pgndec{\headerl\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4032\tqr\tx8065 {}\tab {}\tab {}\par}{\footerl\pard\sl-240\sb50\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4032\tqr\tx8065 {}\tab {}\tab {}\par}{\headerr\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4032\tqr\tx8065 {}\tab {}\tab {}\par}{\footerr\pard\sl-240\sb50\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4032\tqr\tx8065 {}\tab {}\tab {}\par}\pard\sb242\sl354\qc {\*\bkmkstart ID_article}{\*\bkmkend ID_article}\b\fs32\f1 General Information\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb182\sl293\qc \fs26 Dr. Lowel P. O'Mard\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\sl220\qc \fs22 lowel.omard@gmail.com\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\s1\sl293 \fs26 Table of Contents\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb133\li1440\sl220\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _13 }{\fldrslt \fs20\f2 General Information}}\fs20\f2 \tqr\tldot\tx8065\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _13 }{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF _13}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb48\li1440\sl220\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _22 }{\fldrslt Installation}}\tqr\tldot\tx8065\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _22 }{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF _22}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb48\li1440\sl220\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _26 }{\fldrslt DSAM Library Documentation & Supporting DSAM}}\tqr\tldot\tx8065\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _26 }{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF _26}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb48\li1440\sl220\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _30 }{\fldrslt Version Numbering}}\tqr\tldot\tx8065\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _30 }{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF _30}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb48\li1440\sl220\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _35 }{\fldrslt How to report bugs}}\tqr\tldot\tx8065\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _35 }{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF _35}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\sect\sectd\plain\pgwsxn11905\pghsxn16837\marglsxn1920\margrsxn1920\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1200\headery0\footery0\pgndec\titlepg{\headerf\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4032\tqr\tx8065 {}\tab {}\tab {}\par}{\footerf\pard\sl-240\sb50\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4032\tqr\tx8065 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20\f2 \chpgn }\par}{\headerl\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4032\tqr\tx8065 {\i\fs20\f2 General Information}\tab {}\tab {}\par}{\footerl\pard\sl-240\sb50\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4032\tqr\tx8065 {\i\fs20\f2 \chpgn }\tab {}\tab {}\par}{\headerr\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa430\plain\tqc\tx4032\tqr\tx8065 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20\f2 General Information}\par}{\footerr\pard\sl-240\sb50\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4032\tqr\tx8065 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20\f2 \chpgn }\par}\pard\sb200\s2\sl293 {\*\bkmkstart _13}{\*\bkmkend _13}\b\fs26\f1 General Information\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb133\li960\sl220\qj \b0\fs20\lang1033\f2 This is ams version 1.3.0. The ams application allows users to design, run and evaluate auditory models. It allows users to run and evaluate auditory models writing using development system for auditory modelling (DSAM) simulation scripts. DSAM provides access to an extensive collection of published and new models and analysis and utility functions.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl220\qj There are two executable files, which are fully operational, however the help documentation is not yet complete.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl220\qj The ams executable will run the application version with graphics support. The ams_ng application is the console version.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl220\qj The main parameter file for both executables is the 'ams.par' ASCII text file, though ams will work without this file. The driving DSAM simulation specification file is specified in the 'ams.par' file, among other parameters.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl220\qj To use this application on UNIX the DSAM library must be installed.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl220\qj The official web site is: http://dsam.org.uk\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl220\qj A mailing list is located at: dsam@jiscmail.ac.uk To subscribe: visit the web site at: http://www.jiscmail.ac.uk/dsam\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\s2\sl293 {\*\bkmkstart _22}{\*\bkmkend _22}\b\fs26\lang1024\f1 Installation\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb133\li960\sl220\qj \b0\fs20\lang1033\f2 Windows self-extracting installations require no additional configuration.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl220\qj Under Linux/Unix systems the autoconf auto-configuration system is used if no ready-compiled installation is available. Linux/Unix users needing to compile ams should refer to the file 'INSTALL' for further information.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\s2\sl293 {\*\bkmkstart _26}{\*\bkmkend _26}\b\fs26\lang1024\f1 DSAM Library Documentation & Supporting DSAM\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb133\li960\sl220\qj \b0\fs20\lang1033\f2 If you find ams useful you can help provide support for the project by purchasing the DSAM Library Documentation. DSAM Library Documentation is the definitive guide to using the development system for auditory modelling (DSAM). It provides the missing documentation to realize the full potential of running simulations using DSAM, including example scripts and parameter settings showing how to use each module.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl220\qj Links to the DSAM Library Documentation can be found from the DSAM website: Follow the "Documentation links."\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\s2\sl293 {\*\bkmkstart _30}{\*\bkmkend _30}\b\fs26\lang1024\f1 Version Numbering\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb133\li960\sl220\qj \b0\fs20\lang1033\f2 The primary ams version information (i.e. "1.3.0") consists of three numbers separated by a period (full stop):\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl220\qj <major number>.<minor number>.<revision>\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl220\qj The major number is increased when there are significant jumps in functionality, the minor number is incremented when only minor features or significant fixes have been added, and the revision number is incremented when minor bugs are fixed. Self-extracting installations such as for windows or Linux RPM or Debian packages will have an additional version number, which describes changes in the installation configuration rather than the application itself.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\s2\sl293 {\*\bkmkstart _35}{\*\bkmkend _35}\b\fs26\lang1024\f1 How to report bugs\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb133\li960\sl220\qj \b0\fs20\lang1033\f2 To report a bug, send mail either to the dsam list, as mentioned above. In the mail include:\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl220\fi-200\qj \tx1160 \fs16\lang1024 \'95\tab \fs20 An SPF file produced using ams.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl220\fi-200\qj \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Information about your system. For instance:\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl220\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs14 \'95\tab \fs20 What operating system and version\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl220\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs14 \'95\tab \fs20 What version of X\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl220\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs14 \'95\tab \fs20 What version of the C library (Linux)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl220\qj \lang1033 - and anything else you think is relevant.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl220\fi-200\qj \tx1160 \fs16\lang1024 \'95\tab \fs20 How to reproduce the bug.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl220\fi-200\qj \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 If the bug was a crash, the exact text that was printed out when the crash occured.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1160\sl220\fi-200\qj \tx1160 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Further information such as stack traces may be useful, but is not necessary.\hyphpar0\par}
